website/integrations: update phpipam doc (#22787)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/infrastructure/phpipam/index.md

- `phpipam.company` is the FQDN of the phpipam.
- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

> - `application_slug` is the short name in Authentik URLs for the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<application_slug>` is the **Slug** of the application in authentik
```

> - `test-user[0-2]` in place of actual usernames

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `test-user[0-2]` in place of actual usernames
```

In order to support automatic user provisioning (JIT) with phpIPAM, additional SAML attributes need to be passed. See [phpipam docs](https://github.com/phpipam/phpipam/blob/master/doc/Authentication/SAML2.md#automatic-user-jit-provisioning) for more details about specific attributes to pass.

- Select Customization > Property Mappings
- Select New Property Mapping > SAML Provider Property Mapping > Next

1. display_name

>     - Mapping Name: phpipam-display-name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Name: phpipam-display-name
```

    ```

2. email

>     - Mapping Name: phpipam-email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Name: phpipam-email
```

    ```

3. is_admin

>     - Mapping Name: phpipam-is-admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Name: phpipam-is-admin
```

    ```

4. groups

>     - Mapping Name: phpipam-groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Name: phpipam-groups
```

    ```

5. modules

>     - Mapping Name: phpipam-modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Name: phpipam-modules
```

- Use advanced settings: Off
- Client ID: https://phpipam.company/
- Strict Mode: Off

> - IDP Issuer: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IDP Issuer: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/j
```

> - IDP Issuer: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/j

Reviewer 3: I believe this line may contain a typo.  It has only one backtick (not two), and ends in the letter "j".  I'm assuming that j should be a backtick.

Reviewer: Good catch! Thank you

> - IDP Issuer: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/j

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IDP Issuer: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/`
```

> - IDP Login url: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IDP Login url: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/`
```

> - IDP Logout url: https://authentik.company/application/saml/application_slug/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IDP Issuer: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/
- IDP Login url: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/
- IDP Logout url: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/
```

> - IDP Logout url: https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IDP Logout url: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/`
```
